
The code starts with a comment that says "This is the CSS code for our website." The next line of code imports the font Roboto. This will be used to make text on the website look nice and professional. Next, there are some variables set up in order to change colors throughout the site. The left-bg-color variable sets what color should be used as a background color for all elements on the left side of the page, while right-bg-color sets what color should be used as a background color for all elements on the right side of the page. The hover-width variable changes how wide an element's hover state is when it's being hovered over by clicking or hovering over it with your mouse pointer. Other-width changes how wide an element's normal state is when it isn't being hovered over by clicking or hovering over it with your mouse pointer. Speed controls how fast animations happen throughout this site (1000ms).

The code is a CSS snippet which sets the background color of the body to be white and the text color to be black. The text is also set to uppercase.

The code is a container with two buttons. The first button is for the left side of the screen and the second button is for the right side of the screen. The code starts by declaring that it will be using relative positioning, which means that it will not have any fixed position on its own but rather will move with whatever element comes before or after it in an HTML document. It also declares that its width and height are 100% so that they can take up as much space as possible without being restricted by other elements around them. Next, there is a div called .split , which has an overflow hidden property set to true because otherwise, if you tried to put anything inside this div, then your browser would scroll down past what was supposed to be visible on-screen and you wouldn't see anything at all! This div takes up 50% of the available space in order to create a split between two different screens (hence why we used "split" instead of "divider"). Inside this split are two buttons: one for each half of our split screen. These buttons use absolute positioning so they stay exactly where we want them no matter what happens around them in our HTML document. They also use width: 50%; and height

The code attempts to create a container that has two equal-sized sections. The left section will be 50% of the width and height, while the right section will be 100% of the width and height. The .split class is used to position the container in an absolute manner, meaning it will not move with any other elements on the page. The .split class also makes sure that both sections are positioned at their respective sides of the screen (left side for left split and right side for right split). In order to make sure that both sections are visible, there must be some sort of overflow property set on them. In this case, we have hidden overflow so that nothing appears outside of our containers.